(They received artist name tags)
(This is their first time to receive it)
JinSoul: Okay, I’ll hand it out
JInSoul: Artist! HeeJin!
(JinSoul giving name tags to members)
Choerry: Our twelfth member is here~
JinSoul: You want this?
JinSoul: Then how about the first member hands it out to the twelfth member?
HeeJin: Sure!
(What a touching moment…)
(Olivia Hye! Artist Hye!)
Choerry: Totally wolf~
Go Won: Olivia Hye is a master of watermelon.
Go Won: So her nick name is watermelon master~
Yves: So, you can hear some sounds when you knock a watermelon?
(Suddenly she transformed from an artist to a master of watermelon!)
Olivia Hye: Right. You can here some beautiful sounds
Olivia Hye: It’s like… well…
Olivia Hye: A sort of pure and clear bell sound?
Olivia Hye: I'm not sure how should I describe it accurately~
Yves: So, you mean you were born for a watermelon?
Chuu: Wow, such a natural born watermelon master!
Olivia Hay: Everyone, ask me whenever you buy a watermelon~